Beginning:
You are in a vast field of green. A leaflet lies on the ground at your feet. 

When "look"ed:
To your ____ is a castle. A path seems to lead ____.

Leaflet Message:
Welcome to zOOrk! This a remake of the classic 1977 game of Zork. A true adventure awaits thee in the evil underworld kingdom where you must fight to stay alive! Collect as many coins as you can and slay as many enemies as possible in order to earn a high score. Good luck!

Boundaries:
You are in a forest.

The Castle (outside 1):
There is an old rusty gate. Looks immovable.

The Castle (outside 2):
A backdoor!

The Castle (outside 3):
There is a huge hole in the ground. It might have been dug by the prisoners of the castle.

The Castle (outside 4):
There is a brick wall. Impossible to climb.

The Path to the Village:
Some lights can be seen straight ahead.

The Village:
You've reached an old village. Nobody seems to inhabit it anymore. It was perhaps the village where the young warriors were brought up to fight the evil of the underworld. Seems as if part of the village was destroyed during an enemy attack. There are, however, several cottages still intact.
(some precious items must show up at the village, either inside or outside the cottages. precious items may include a dagger, some gold, a key for something, bronze medal etc.)

The Cliff:
You've reached a cliff. Below you is a shore...way below.
(if users tries to go further towards the cliff):
What are you crazy?

The Dungeons (down the hole):
Ouch! That was quite a fall. You're in a dark, moist, stinky chamber. A lantern that burns very dim sits right next to you.
(pack of fresh batteries)

(If user tries to travel without lantern):
Warning: without a lantern you are only as good as blind, and will probably be the dinner of a ruthless troll.
(If tries again):
A mighty troll has crushed you with his bare hands. You are dead. GAME OVER.

(After stronger light)
There are many other chambers around you. 

(The dungeons are full of chambers, trolls, items of interest etc.)

Inside random chambers:
The walls have strange engravings on them, in a language you can't read. 
There is a staircase leading up.
Troll droppings.
(item: sulfur)

At one end of the dungeons:
There is a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
There is a twisty maze of little passages, all alike.
There is a twisty little maze of passages, all alike.
There is a little maze of twisty passages, all alike.

(you never reach the end of the maze)

Up the stairs:
The Kitchen
You've reached the kitchen of the castle. There is a table with some food and a bottle of water on it. To your ____ is the dining room.
There is a small chest. (if the key from the village is obtained, the chest may be opened, revealing some gold and a good sword, and additional stuff)

The Dining Room:
You are in the dining room. A long dining table with dirty plates on it sits in the middle of the room. A candle burns brightly on the table.
To your ____ is the kitchen, to your ____ is the living room.

The Living Room:
You are in a chic living room. There is a carpet on the floor.
To your ____ is the dining room.

(if carpet moved)
Moving the carpet reveals a trapdoor.

(into the trapdoor)
(The other side of the maze):
The Maze
(at one end of this side of the dungeons)
A tunnel with light at the end can be seen.

(end of tunnel)
The River:
You are outside, in front of a river that flows rapidly, making loud gushing and splashing sounds as it does.

(if long plank is applied, one can cross the river):
With great effort, you stretch the long plank across the river.

You are in a forest. The chirping of birds can be heard from far.
